what's up YouTube so Facebook lost Henry
can't receipt out here so we need
pictures of my 2010 Jeep set up to
twelve to twelve is cadence inverted
let's get a look at
that's right
to 12-inch cadence Daytona series 12
it's my first time y'all doing it's my
first time doing this y'all bear with me
let's show the inside of it JBL full
shining out
my Power Acoustik restoration
my sound strain DTR 3400
most of the work is done by me and by
crunk yard
what up mark and by Johnny Royal Flush
so our further ado let's go ahead and
turn this thing up and let y'all hear it
a little bit
all right Louis uh Henry Facebook and
receipt on YouTube
signing off things get better little by
little as they go until the end